AM BEESLY
Scranton, PA 00000 | pam@email.com | 555-555-5555

FRONT DESK RECEPTIONIST

Energetic and friendly receptionist with experience providing administrative support and customer service to clients and internal staff. Provides excellent customer service and builds relationships.

Assists walk-in clients, schedules client appointments, answers phone lines, and helps clients with questions and issues.
Supports managers with business documentation and professional demeanor at all times.
Efficiently processes updated client information and payments into database.
Prioritizes tasks while staying focused on several projects simultaneously; diligently follows up on outstanding items.
Ability to multitask effectively in a fast-paced environment.
Maintains a friendly, approachable style to build relationships and work harmoniously with others at all times.
Bilingual in English and Spanish.
Technology snapshot: MS Office (including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), Oracle Calendar, and Internet savvy.
CORE SKILLS

Customer Service, Administrative Support, Time Management, Team Leader, Greeting Customers, Organizational Skills, Business Documentation, Scheduling / Calendaring, Relationship-Building, Ad Hoc Projects, Mail, Multitasking, Prioritizes Tasks & Projects, Written & Verbal Skills, Travel Coordination, Event Planning, Detail Oriented.

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

COMPANY ONE (Temp Agency), Scranton, PA | 20XX – 20XX

Administrative Assistant / Front Office Receptionist

Worked at various companies needing administrative or receptionist support, such as customer service, scheduling, calendaring, answering phones, mail distribution, greeting customers, travel arrangements, and front office tasks.
Assisted customers with questions or issues and escalated issues as needed.
Collaborated with other team members on various projects and customer issues.
Adept at scheduling appointments and business trips.
Processed business documentation in a timely manner.
COMPANY TWO, Scranton, PA | 20XX – 20XX

Board Operator

Handled the backstage operations of several radio shows, including preparing logs, checking transmitter readings, broadcasting programs, and operating various electronic equipment.
Recorded and edited daily traffic segments for broadcast.
Worked closely with team members to ensure all broadcasting programs ran smoothly.
Adhered to all federal and state regulations.
COMPANY THREE, Scranton, PA | 20XX – 20XX

Front Office / Lead Receptionist

Supervised 6 front office workers with training, scheduling, policies, procedures, and customer service.
Efficiently handled scheduling, travel arrangements, logistics for events, business reports / documentation, customer service, greeting customers, mail distribution, answering phones, and other tasks for senior executives and managers.
Gathered expense information and compiled accurate reports with documentation on a regular basis.
Acted as the single point-of-contact for customer inquiries and provided timely responses.
Maintained a high level of confidentiality in all employee relations and documentation.
Researched and completed ad hoc projects for various departments by working cross functionally to gather information and prepare reports.
Effectively planned heavy calendar management and scheduling of appointments for executives and managers.
EDUCATION

Associate Degree, Communications, College One, Scranton, PA
